# O Week Ed Forum Chat
**From**: 
**Date**: 
Hi Everyone,

A very warm welcome to Regression analysis for Data Scientists (ZZSC5806)!

Congratulations for making it this far in your Data Science program. You have 
already learned a lot a very interesting things and we will built on this knowledge. 

My name is Dr Atefeh Zamani and I will be your Course Convenor this hexamester. 
I am very pleased to have you join me for this course, and I hope that you are 
going to find the content as engaging as I do.

You may have already heard of some of the regression models such as linear 
regression and maybe logistic regression. Together in this course we will go 
through the most widely used modelling techniques and provide a mathematical/statistical 
justification for them such that we can apply them to real world problems. On 
top of the theory, we will learn how to implement these models in R, interpret 
the software outputs, verify that any model assumption is met, make some 
predictions and quantify uncertainty.

Each week, I will post an announcement to highlight the key activities you 
need to complete during the week. Week 1 of the course commences on Monday 6th 
May.

**O-Week**
This week is Orientation Week, or O-Week (week commencing 27th Feb). This is 
the period for everyone to get familiar with the teaching environment and each 
other. We will be relying a lot on helping each other to get through this course!

There's no course work this week. You may want to install R or R-studio and 
familiarise yourselves with Ed although I suspect you have already done that in 
previous courses. LaTex is the typesetting language that will allow you to type 
maths easily in your questions! Therefore, it might be a good idea to try few 
simple math formulas before Week 1. There's not that much else you need to do 
in O-week.

The Moodle front page will link you to the course outline, which contains all 
important information for the course, and you can follow the link to O-week for 
additional resources. **There will be an introduction webinar on Thursday (2nd 
March 2023) at 3-4pm**, which you will be able to access via Collaborate (click 
on the communication tab in Moodle). I will use the webinar to give an overview 
of the course, provide key dates/times (live lectures, assessments etc.) and 
answer any questions you may have.

Have a good week and looking forward to meeting you all during the webinar (and 
on the forum)!

Best 
Atefeh


